
## Questions

Nothing Started till 37:00

----------------------------------------------  
  
Time : 39:00

1.  What is IAM used for ?  
    IAM is used for managing different types of account which we create via our main AWS Account.

Time : 43:50  
2.  How do you create different users in your AWS account ?  
  
Time : 48:00  
3. What are different type of AWS access type when while we create a user ?  
a. Access Key - Programatic Access  
b. Password - AWS Management Console Access

Time : 53:00  
4. What is a policy (permission) ? What is difference between AWS Managed policy and Customer Managed policy ?  
  
  
Time 58:00  
5. What is the default permission of Root Account and IAM Account (Sub Account) ?  
Root Account : Full Access  
Sub Account : Limited Access

Time : 01:02:00  
6. Why do we need IAM policies (permission) or how do we use them ?  
  
   
  
Time : 01:24:00  
7. How can you login into a sub account , or IAM user account ?  
Copy url link from **Security Credentials** tab .  
  
  
Time : 01:30:00  
8. What is a user group ? Or Why do we need user group in IAM ?  
  
  
  
Time : 01:38:00  
9. Is it okay if we assign permission directly  to user or  we should assign only to group but not to user ?  
  
  
Time : 01:49:00  
10. What is Role ? And how it is different from user/ user group ?  
  
  
Time : 02:00  
11.  How can you add MFA to root user ?  
  
  
Time : 02:01  
12. What are various Types of MFA ?  
And How do we configure MFA wrt our root or sub accounts ?  
  
 

Time : 02:09  
13. What is the need of creating customer Managed policy ?  
For ex : If you want to give Ec2Full access to a user for some specific resources but not on all instances then there is a need of granularity .  
 

You can go into a specific policy and can mention only those specific servers for which you want to grant the access,  
  
 

Time : 02:28  
14. How to create your custom AMI (Amazon Machine Interface) ?  
or Why do we need to create our Custom AMI ?  
  
windows OS + Java + Visual Studio Code  
  
  
Time : 02:42:00  
15. What is elastic IP (static public IP )?  
or What is the need of Elastic IP ?

  
  
  
Time : 02:55  
16. How to create a Disc (EBS - Elastic Block Store) and Add/Attach  it to a server ?