## Questions

Time : 19:00  
1. What is S3 (simple Storage Service) ?  
Why do we need s3

  
Time : 23:00  
2. How is this s3 useful to us ?  
  
  
time : 28:00  
3. Is there a limit on data which we can store in s3 ?  
  
  
Time : 33:00  
4. Do we need to choose any particular region where we want to create S3 ?  
  
  
time : 35:00  
5. What is a S3 bucket and S3 Objects?  
  
Time : 38:00  
6. Why AWS doesn't allows duplicate bucket name ?  
  
Time : 40:00  
7. Why do we enable ACL (Access Control List ) in S3 ?  
  
Time : 43:30  
8. Can we have a bucket name in upper case letters ?  
  
  
Time : 46:00  
9. What does ARN stands for ?  
amazon resource name  
  
Time : 47: 00  
10. How can you enable public access at S3 object level ?  
or if you face Access denied when using the s3 url and if the bucket is public , then you need to check whether the object is public as well or not .

Time : 50:00  
11. Why do we require Versioning  in S3  ?  
How can we enable a versioning for s3 objects ?  
  
  
time : 01:01:00  
12. If we enable versioning , then does it applies to object level or the entire bucket level ?  
- Bucket Level  
  
Time : 01:02:30  
13. Can you retreive deleted object from s3 bucket ?  
Yes - iff the versioning is enabled .  
  
What is a delete marker tag ?  
  
Time : 01:04:00  
14. How can I restore my deleted object from version history ?  
  And How can we permanently delete an object ?  
  
  
time : 01:07:00  
15. IS there any retention time frame to restore after delete ?  
No - it will be always available to you .  
  
  
  
Time : 01:24: 00  
16. How do we replicate data across Regions ?  
Why is there a need for data replication across the Regions ?  
  
  
Time : 01:32:00  
17. What is a Cross Region replication wrt S3 buckets?  
  
  
Time : 01:37:00  
18. If i have enabled the replication from US S3 to Australia S3 via Cross Region Replication Rule ?  
Will it  also automatically enable  replication from Australia to US ?  
- No , you need to explicitly enable it from Australia to US as well.  
  
  
Time : 01:43: 00  
19. Can we have destination bucket from another AWS account for replication ?  
- Yes

Time : 01:44:00  
20. What is an IAM Role ?  
Role is a permission which you give to access one resource from another resource.  
  
  
Time : 02:01:00  
21. What is transfer acceleration wrt to s3 ? And how does it works ?  
  
  
Time : 02:03:00
22. How to host static website on s3?

